Document hashing of credentials (#1416)
python-kasa/python-kasa: docs/source/creds_hashing.md

:::{important}

> Most transports hash the credentials, so both *username* (e-mail) and *password* are case-sensitive.
> If you are unable to authenticate with the device, verify they match to your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credentials are required by newer Kasa devices and all Tapo devices.
They are the TPLink cloud *username* (e-mail) and *password* used to provision the device in the native app, and they are usually both case-sensitive.
Some firmware versions of Tapo Cameras will not authenticate unless you enable Tapo Lab > Third-Party Compatibility in the native Tapo app.
```
